The fate of the universe
lies on your shoulders
now, whatever you do, don't push
this button because that will
set off the bomb immediately.
And we'll all be dead.
Now.
Repeat back what I just said.
I am Groot.
No, no, that's the button
up and kill everyone.
Try again.
I am Groot, I am Groot, I am Groot.
No!
Does anybody have any tape out there?
I want to put some tape
over that death button.
Nobody has any tape, not
a single person has tape?
You have an atomic bomb in your bag.
If anybody's going to have tape, it's you!
That's a really bad sign.
If I touch someone, I
can't feel their feelings.
You feel.
Love.
Yeah.
I guess, yeah.
I feel a general unselfish
love for just about everybody.
No, sexual love.
No, no, no.
I don't . For her!
No!
She just told everyone.
Your deepest, darkest secret.
Dude.
Come on.
I think you're overreacting a little bit.
You must be so embarrassed!
Do me, do me, do me
Yes, I am an answer.
Grace, you just need to find a
woman who was pathetic like you.
Thanks buddy.
Do you need a hug?